LOGIN
ssh bandit31@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220


DESCRIPTION
There is a git repository at ssh://bandit31-git@localhost/home/bandit31-git/repo via the port 2220. The password for the user bandit31-git is
 the same as for the user bandit31.
Clone the repository and find the password for the next level.

COMMANDS YOU MAY NEED:
git

STEPS
1. log in to bandit31
2. mktemp -d : to create a temporary directory
3. cd /tmp/'tmp-directory': to change to that temporary directory
4. git clone ssh://bandit31-git@localhost:2220/home/bandit31-git/repo : to clone the repository
5. Input the password which is the same as bandit31 password
6. cd repo : change to the repo directory
7. ls -la : to list files/directories
8. cat README.md : to read the content of the file.
There was an instruction to create and push a file called 'key.txt' to the master branch with content 'May I come in?'
9. echo 'May I come in' > key.txt : to create a text file with that content.
10. ls -la : notice that key.txt is included in the list of files and directories now.
11. cat .gitignore: to check the content of the .gitignore file in the repository.
The .gitignore content is *.txt. This means that git is to ignore all .txt files. This isn't good and won't allow me to fulfill my objective.
12. rm .gitignore : to delete the file which would prevent me from pushing 'key.txt'.
13. git add . : to add all files into the staging area.
14. git commit -m 'commit-message here' : to commit your file into your local commit. You need to add a commit message too.
15. git push (or git push origin master) : pushes the changes to the default remote repository (which is "origin") and the default 
branch (which is "master"). 
'git push origin master' sends (or uploads) the changes you made in your local "master" branch to the "origin" (usually the remote repository 
where your code is hosted, like GitHub).
16. Input password which is the same as bandit31 password.
After pushing the key.txt file the level 32 password was displayed.

LEVEL 32 PASSWORD
3O9RfhqyAlVBEZpVb6LYStshZoqoSx5K
