LOGIN
ssh bandit25@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220


DESCRIPTION
Logging in to bandit26 from bandit25 should be fairly easy… The shell for user bandit26 is not /bin/bash, but something else. Find out what 
it is, how it works and how to break out of it.
NOTE: if you’re a Windows user and typically use Powershell to ssh into bandit: Powershell is known to cause issues with the intended solution
to this level. You should use command prompt instead.

COMMANDS YOU MAY NEED: 
ssh, cat, more, vi, ls, id, pwd

STEPS
ls -l : To list files/directories
cat bandit26.sshkey : To see the contents of the file. It contained a RSA private key for bandit26 level.
ssh -i bandit26.sshkey bandit26@localhost -p 2220: to connect to bandit26 level. It connected but closed immediately. I needed to check the 
type of shell script running.
cat /etc/password : to see the shell script used for various levels.
look for bandit26 own which is '/usr/bin/showtext'
cat /usr/bin/showtext: to see how the script executes.
The 'more' command was used to execute a text file in the script. When executed on a terminal with a large/full screen and the file content
is short,'more' automatically exit and return you to the shell prompt without waiting for additional input because there's no need for 
scrolling. That was what happened when I tried logging in to bandit26 earlier. 
To solve this I reduced my terminal size to be very small so the amount of text content which can be displayed would be small. This allowed 
the 'more' command to still be running.
ssh -i bandit26.sshkey bandit26@localhost -p 2220 : to log in to bandit26.
Pressed 'v' key to open the vim text editor.
:set shell=/bin/bash: Once this command is entered i was put in insert mode so I pressed “Esc” to exit insert mode and enter the next command
:shell: to open a bash shell for bandit26.
cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit26 : to get the password.

LEVEL 26 PASSWORD
s0773xxkk0MXfdqOfPRVr9L3jJBUOgCZ

MORE COMMAND
The more command in Unix-like operating systems is used to view the contents of a text file one screen at a time. It allows you to scroll 
through the file by pressing the spacebar to move to the next screen or the Enter key to move one line at a time. This is useful for reading 
long files without opening them in an editor

